Welcome. This is again one of the very special, joyful, great moments in our lives.
We have many beautiful times in our lives when we are reflecting to the past.
But truly, this is standing as one of the very beautiful times.
Because we are going to reflect on the joy and the peace, happiness, how to bring joy and the peace
to all living beings, regardless of whatever they are.
That genuine call of our best upon true love and completion, versitum, is nothing but the most
precious, the most enriching scholars in our heart and mind that we can explore and enjoy and share
that with others.
We follow in the light of the Dharma Buddha and the teaching of the Buddha, what Buddha taught.
He said how to bring joy and peace, happiness, to all living beings.
Praying from the violence and the disturbances, and genuine respect and appreciation to all living
beings, as for existence.
When you reflect all those statements and teachings, how beautiful, really.
It's not just that I am a brackish on the Buddhism talking that. Truly it is so rich, so precious.
If we reflect what is greater than this, we ask the question ourselves, what else is greater than
this?
Joy and appreciation, kindness, compassion, rest of our courage and commitment, determination,
beautiful goal and beautiful wish.
Wish to every living beings. This truly is so special.
Therefore, today we are going to reflect this. Not just today, for one week or two weeks.
We are going to reflect on this beautiful meaning.
Therefore, it is, in a way, a celebration of our own written scholars.
Bring out that. We already bought of those beautiful things, beautiful scholars.
By practicing Dharma, by knowing the teaching of the Buddha, following as in his light.
We know that. We did this. But today we are going to glorify that.
We are going to deepening this. And we are going to be more broad understanding of this, how we can
benefit.
To our self, to our family, our friends, to all the neighbors, to every living being.
In the context of love, joy, appreciation, which is known as bodhicitta.
I miss you whenever you know.
So therefore, this is one of the really beautiful moments in our life.
And I am so thankful to all of you for organizing and facilitating and coming and participating in
this.
Truly, we are making some difference in our heart and mind and make a difference to the world.
In the context of peace, harmony and joy, respect and appreciation.
That is what I will do. And this is so, therefore, such a beautiful. I thank you all.